MobileNet Extra (#160)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/Unit 2 - Convolutional Neural Networks/mobilenetextra.md

### Not directly, but we can!
MobileNet can be integrated with transformer models in various ways to enhance image processing tasks. 

One approach is to use MobileNet as a feature extractor, where its convolutional layers process images and the resultant features are fed into a transformer model for further analysis.

Another approach is training MobileNet and a Vision Transformer separately and then combining their predictions through ensemble techniques, potentially boosting performance as each model may capture distinct facets of the data. This multifaceted integration showcases the flexibility and potential of combining convolutional and transformer architectures in image processing.

There is an implementation of this concept, called Mobile-Former.

### Mobile-Former
Mobile-Former is a neural network architecture that aims to combine both MobileNet and Transformers for effective image processing tasks. It's designed to MobileNet for local feature extraction and context understanding with Transformers.

You can find architecture, benchmarks and other detailed explanations from [Mobile-Former's paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2108.05895).

> ## How About Timm?

Reviewer: I think this heading is a little confusing. The main topic (indicated by the title) is MobileNet, and "How about Timm" implies that other libraries were mentioned before. Maybe "MobileNet with Timm"?

> ## How About Timm?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using MobileNet with timm
```

### What is Timm?

> Timm is a Python library that provides a collection of pre-trained deep learning models, primarily focused on computer vision tasks, along with utilities for training, fine-tuning, and inference. The name "timm" stands for "Py**T**orch **Im**age **M**odels". It was created by Ross Wightman and has become a popular tool among researchers and practitioners for its comprehensive coverage of state-of-the-art and classic image models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`timm` (or PyTorch Image Models) is a Python library that provides a collection of pre-trained deep learning models, primarily focused on computer vision tasks, along with utilities for training, fine-tuning, and inference. 
```

> Using MobileNet through the `timm` library in PyTorch is straightforward, as `timm` provides an easy way to access a wide range of pre-trained models, including various versions of MobileNet. Here's a basic implementation on how to use MobileNet with `timm`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using MobileNet through the `timm` library in PyTorch is straightforward, as `timm` provides an easy way to access a wide range of pre-trained models, including various versions of MobileNet.
Here's a basic implementation on how to use MobileNet with `timm`.
```

You must install `timm` with `pip` first:

> ```python 

Reviewer 2: I think he shouldn't remove it but rather replace with ```bash

```suggestion
```bash
```

> ```python 

Reviewer: Agree. I was suggesting removing just  `python`, but adding `bash` makes it more explicit which is good.
